Press Play to start
WASD to move the player
F to switch between first person and third
Up and Down arrow will change third person camera height
Left and Right arrow will rotate camera in third person
The player will be able to equip Bucket near the house by pressing E
Pressing the Left mouse button will let it pick up water, if the bucket is equipped.
Pressing the left mouse again will drop water.
Dropping water near the brown area will darken the color, indicating the area is wet.
Going to the yellow box near the house will let the player equip seeds.
Going near the wet area will allow the player to plant seed.
Pressing escape button pause the game
The game can be resumed or restarted after that
The player will drop slightly if he steps into the water area.
The player is not able to go outside the area or into the house.

Update 2:
Day/Night cycle created. The game starts with Day, after pressing play, the transition starts. Between the transition, it stays at night for some time.
Changed “Going to the yellow box near the house will let the player equip seeds.” this logic to “Seeds can’t be taken if the land is not watered.”
Once the seed is sawed, based on time passing, their height will increase. Once the increase is done, they are ready to be harvested.
A Score indicator is created, sawing seeds gets 5 points and harvesting gets 10 points.
In the night time, if there are crops, zombies will attack the field.
If g is pressed, the player will have 10 ammo. For each hit the zombie player will get 10 points. If a player loses 10 ammo, for each extra ammo, the player will lose 5 points.
When the player gains 100 points or more, the level will upgrade and all zombies will die.
If 5 zombies manage to enter the field, the game will be over. And only the restart button will work.

Update 3:
Farm Established and currently marked red on Level 1 and When leveling up to Level 2. The farm section unlocks with Cow within it
Added Cow Movement within the farm 
When it's level 2, zombies increase in number from 10 to 22.. Level 1 has 10 zombies already. When 11 zombies appear inside the crop area, the game is set to over.
Added health bar logic to zombies to see how much health is left
When zombies walk through the fence, the fence is broken and When Pressing P button, the broken fence is restored
Added torch system and when the zombies are under the torch's light, the zombies are slowed down. Pressing the T button, activates the torch system
For difficulty spikes, on level 2, 22 zombies appear at night time. 7 of the 22 zombies are labeled as Tank which are slow and take 6 bullets to die and 15 of the 22 zombies are labeled as Sprinter, they move fast and take 2 bullets to die.
Added a Sprinkler system to make the crop area to wet automatically. By pressing the K button, it appears and pressing X removes it.
When leveling up to 2, there’s now a selection option for crops and you can switch between them. One is Normal and the other is Golden seed. Harvesting Golden seeds rewards players with 25 points.
